Document compatibility between modules (#3806)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: VERSIONING.md

      stable release except for a stable release of the contrib repository.
* GitHub releases will be made for all releases.
* Go modules will be made available at Go package mirrors.

> * This repository's modules are only guaranteed to be compatible with
>   modules released from the same commit. For example,

Reviewer: It should be clear here that we are talking cross module compatibility by using the term "other modules" and we want to guarantee across the release not a commit.

```suggestion
* Go modules are only guaranteed to be compatible with
  other modules from the same release. They are not
  guaranteed to be compatible with other modules from
  previous releases.  For example,
```

  `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace v1.11.1` is not
  compatible with `go.opentelemetry.io/otel v1.11.2`.

>   Tracked under:
>   [#3548](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go/issues/3548).

Reviewer: I don't think it is necessary to include an issue link here. The git blame will show this PR which links to the origin if a dev needs to know.

```suggestion
```
